Update README.md (#1)
PFaboya/Sparta_SInatra_Group_Project: README.md

# Sparta Sinatra Group Project

> As a group we were tasked with creating a web based app that contains spartan's information such as e-mails, their roles, passwords etc. Using sinatra and following the MVC (models, views and controller) structure we aim to go through the seven restful routes in order to create a fully functional website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a group we were tasked with creating a web based app that contains Sparta Global Users' information such as e-mails, roles, passwords etc. Using sinatra and following the MVC (models, views and controller) structure we aim to go through the seven restful routes in order to create a fully functional website.
```
